Ambient peer discovery protocol (#590)
libp2p/specs: ambient-peer/README.md

[@thomaseizinger]: https://github.com/thomaseizinger

See the [lifecycle document][lifecycle-spec] for context about the maturity level and spec status.

[lifecycle-spec]: https://github.com/libp2p/specs/blob/master/00-framework-01-spec-lifecycle.md

## Table of Contents

<!-- TODO -->

## Overview

The ambient peer discovery protocol allows peers to share some of their ambient peers with each other.

## Usecase

Ambient peer discovery is most useful when a node either starts with or is left with a few or perhaps only a single connection.

For example, a user may start a libp2p web app and enter another browser's relayed `/webrtc` address.
The connection will succeed but because both nodes are browsers, further discovery of nodes via e.g. kademlia is not possible.
Ambient peer discovery allows the web app to inquire for further nodes from the new connection.

The protocol is designed to compliment other discovery mechanism like kademlia.
It features a very small resource footprint and can thus also be used by lite-clients within browser or mobile environments.

## Protocol

1. Node _A_ opens a new stream to node _B_ with the protocol name `/libp2p/ambient-peers`.

> 1. Node _B_ chooses a subset of at most 5 known peer records received from other peers.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Node _B_ MUST choose a subset of known peer records received from other peers.
    Node _B_ SHOULD limit the subset to a maximum of 5 peers.
```

> 1. Node _B_ chooses a subset of at most 5 known peer records received from other peers.

Author: But how do you know, if the other side configured a different number? Unless we make this a runtime parameter of the protocol, I think enforcing a number is easier. A node can always run the same protocol again to get more peers.

>    1. The chosen peer records SHOULD at least have one address that share the same transport technology as the the connection between node _A_ and node _B_.

Reviewer: Making the supported transports explicit seems like a strictly superior way.

      For example, if node _A_ and node _B_ are connected via WebRTC, node _B_ SHOULD select 5 peer records where each one of them has at least one WebRTC address.

>    1. Node _B_ SHOULD NOT be currently connected to any of these nodes.

Reviewer: 1. This is phrased in a misleading way.
2. Returning stale peers seems less useful.

Author: > Returning stale peers seems less useful.

Agreed that it is less useful but it is also a lot safer. We landed on this compromise because there was a lot of strong feedback that returning your _current_ peers is unacceptable from a privacy PoV.

1. Node _B_ writes these peer records onto the stream in their [protobuf encoding](https://github.com/libp2p/specs/blob/master/RFC/0003-routing-records.md#address-record-format), each record being length-prefixed using an unsigned varint and closes the stream after the last one.
1. Node _A_ reads peer records from the stream until EOF or 5 have been received, whichever comes earlier.

## Security considerations

Revealing even just some of your peers has serious privacy and security implications for a network.
By default, implementations MUST NOT share records of peers they are currently connected to.
Implementations MAY add a configuration flag that allows users to override this.

<!-- @vyzo to add more text here -->

## Implementation considerations

### Bound local peer storage

This protocol requires nodes to store records of peers they used to be connected to.

> This is useful independently of this protocol to e.g. reconnect to a peer you've once been connected to.

Reviewer: This adds a lot of complexity to implementations.

Author: Can you elaborate on why this adds complexity? I appreciate that the various implementations differ greatly in their internal design but fundamentally, this can easily be satisfied with an LRU cache. Really, all we are doing is accessing the ["peer store"](https://docs.libp2p.io/concepts/fundamentals/peers/#peer-store). I can make that clearer if you want?
